Well, I finally live in a house like this
My first day back at the house
You sit in the harem
There is no one
Do you still understand the rules of the Nangong family?
Mom, I went to the hospital for a maternity check-up today.
Forgot you were coming
Forget it, let's not set an example
You hurry up and put things down to cook
As the daughter-in-law of the Nangong family
Being able to cook is the first test
OK
I was upstairs
What are you doing in there?
Ah.
I was in a hurry.
I forgot.
It is said that one pregnancy is stupid for three years
You're so stupid before you were born
I really don't know what little dad likes about him
How dare the old man call me stupid
I can't think of it.
I also rely on my own strength to camp
One day living in such a nice house haha
Song Nianyi
You are the CEO
What am I?
You black Kai is obviously me
So
Song Nianyi is the real president's wife